now:
change user position view
check all teamID
check all IsTeamMemberExist
designer change to user position???? or to be team member???

//fix table width problem
//deleting project name and seaching Project Name from project
//add show start date and show end date
change project code
job
1. back button in project details (need to change the structure)
2. region, team permission in all the project
su can create team, add designer into team. region is used to search user
3, project sales 簡人之前要簡team先
4. schedule is just like team collaboration
5. project timer needs scheduler? or just show analysis
6. have project scheduler and staff scheduler
7. designer can add work to schedule

create team should select region, team name, team type(proj sales team, designer team, manager team), team details(team name)
create table TeamMembers(like form details)

PosTeam -> super user can create team, can add the team member of the region he can manage(super user has region, add designer in to team. team gets project.)

team leader multi-team

5. should have a table to save which designer belong to which project
4. project belong to team leader and project sales
3. project code
2. timer
1. report for project details


1. super user, multi project, multi team, multi role
1. 加job column 改view 改database name(job->user position, UpdateProject->PreProject)

3. 一次過管幾條team
3. 改booking repeat
4. Project View code column align left
5. Project View column width should reduce
6. Also at designer page
7. project add file upload?
L. Localization
multi
database StaffRole
id userID role
1     575    1
2     575    4

var SR = new StaffRole().getStaffRoleByID();
foreach(var sr in SR){
	if(sr.role == 1)
		code1
	if(sr.role == 2)
		code2
}

need to take all record for future
needs multi role
開始前，要寫easy flow 同 details flow (仲有function 同權限)
中間，要寫test flow
Details Flow
//Sceduler(View):
4. Team Leader click show schedule by project and then choose the project(default show all project). click the add desginer button and wait for approval.
4. Team Leader assigns jobs to designer (team leader can see all designer) should notice team leader that this calendar will not affect the commission report generated by the system.
5. desginers calculate the working time
//Designer:
1. super user set project sales(with team code), manager, Designer and Team Leader. Super user can read all different role permission in this page. Team Leader only can add designer in this page but this action needs approval and should let the Team leader know this.
3. As this page will have so many teams, therefore, the database of poject should save team code. But should display team id in the report page
//Project:
2. In view page, Proj sales check desginer working schedule but they cannot see the project name.
2. Proj sales/team leader creates a project and select a team leader????(if PJ needs to select Team Leader, it will mean there are more than one team. So that desginer should have team column).
//Report:
show all report details and has a button to get report by date

PS: maybe need to save log for reference
PS2: schedule view has show all desginer and show by project view, if it is show by project, the team lead can add or delete desginer(need approval), 
PS3: does designer need to see project collegue schedule? what they can see?
PS4: userid is the primary key, not allow delete user, cannot duplicate

page:
(view)designer schedule: for PJ and PL enquire. do not affect the annual report. PL sales view this page will hidden all project name. designer only can see his schedule which is a long bar of the month.
(designer): only can view by krystal. she can change all the users position. and their team
(project): can view by manager.

easy flow
1. (sales) create order form
2. (TL) assign task to designer
3. designer calculate time
4. generate annual/monthly report

三day 1 date range + proj code + report details(dayrange, diff team)
四day 2 report details(dayrange, diff team) + generate xlsx
五day 3 restruct backend
一day 4 restruct backend
二day 5 phototype of calendar

project sales 分team
designer
-team leader
-designer
manager
other: super user

extra: change the calendar
C. 學jquery.ganttView-master
C. 加ganttView落view page
C. view page 用calendar (week+month)